<div style="display: inline-block;">
	<img src="logo_uni.jpg"
	alt="University of Luxembourg logo"
	style="float: left;
	width : 20%; "/>
	<p style="float:right;"> 18/04/2022</p>
	
</div>

# <center>Group 4 â€“ Meeting Report 7
## General Information

### Location
Online on Discord
### Time 
16:00 - 16:20
### Attendees
 - Patrick Silva
 - Tiago Goncalves Da Silva
 - Matteo Vitellaro
 - Daniel Sousa

 
## Meeting Content
In this meeting each member shared with the group what they are currently working on. We also set realistic goals for the following week, which consist of setting up
game progress and making the escalator. Possibly implementing a small demo containing key features that should be ready by the end of the first sprint.

We agreed that the _Rooms_ feature will take longer to implement and thus extended the limit date for this feature.
