<div style="display: inline-block;">
	<img src="logo_uni.jpg"
	alt="University of Luxembourg logo"
	style="float: left;
	width : 20%; "/>
	<p style="float:right;"> 10/04/2022</p>
	
</div>

# <center>Group 4 â€“ Meeting Report 6
## General Information

### Location
Online on Discord
### Time 
15:30 - 15:50
### Attendees
 - Patrick Silva
 - Tiago Goncalves Da Silva
 - Matteo Vitellaro

### Absentees
 - Daniel Sousa
 
## Meeting Content
We discussed what has been done since last meeting. There have been updates on the skill tree and a pause menu has been added.
The next goal is implementing the skills to the game and implement a save-load system. 

